[CI Visibility] Adapt CI monitors documentation for GA (#15845)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/create/types/ci.md

{{< img src="monitors/monitor_types/ci_tests/define-the-search-query-fnf.png" alt="Monitor being defined with steps a, b, and c, where steps a and b are queries and step c calculates the rate from them." style="width:80%;" >}}

> <div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: A maximum of two queries can be used to build the evaluation formula per monitor.</div>

Author: This is no longer a restriction.

#### Notifications behavior when there is no data

> A monitor that uses an event count for its evaluation query after the specified period with no data will evaluate to 0, potentially resolving immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A monitor that uses an event count for its evaluation query will resolve after the specified evaluation period with no data, triggering a notification. For example, a monitor configured to alert on the number of pipeline errors with an evaluation window of five minutes will automatically resolve after five minutes without any pipeline executions.
```

> In this case Datadog recommends using a formula like `(number of failures)/(number of all events)`, because if `(number of all events) = 0`, the division `x/0` cannot be evaluated and the monitor will keep the last known state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, Datadog recommends using rate formulas. For example, instead of using a monitor on the number of pipeline failures (count), use a monitor on the rate of pipeline failures (formula), such as `(number of pipeline failures)/(number of all pipeline executions)`. In this case, when there's no data, the denominator `(number of all pipeline executions)` will be `0`, making the division `x/0` impossible to evaluate. The monitor will keep the previous known state instead of evaluating it to `0`.

This way, if the monitor triggers because there's a burst of pipeline failures that makes the error rate go above the monitor threshold, it will not clear until the error rate goes below the threshold, which can be at any time afterwards.
```

@liashenko not sure about the "any time afterwards". Can you check with the monitors team to see how long will the monitor remember its last state?

Author: it's correct, it will not be recovered until there is `OK` data.

> For example, use a monitor on pipeline error rate rather than on pipeline error count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{/is_alert}}
```

> **Note**: A monitor that uses a formula for its evaluation query will keep the last state (e.g. Alert) if there is no data by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: A monitor that uses a formula for its evaluation query will keep the last state (for example, **Alert**) if there is no data by default.
```

{{/is_alert}}
```

> **Note**: A monitor that uses a formula for its evaluation query will keep the last state (e.g. Alert) if there is no data by default.

Reviewer 3: That's not really true, is it? I definitely applies if I do `a / b * 100` but what if I do `a + b`? Not saying that it makes sense creating a monitor with `a + b` but I think it's good to be specific here.

Author: Based on this change https://github.com/DataDog/dd-go/pull/76284, all F&F monitors will keep the last state if there is no data. 

I've tested `a+b` and it works like this https://admin.us1.prod.dog/monitors/cluster/realtime/org/2/monitor/101181165?from_ts=1667917463516&to_ts=1667918363516

Reviewer: It's not on "no data", but when the formula cannot be evaluated (i.e. `a/b` and `b=0`). If there's no data and the formula evaluates to `0`, the query will not keep the last state but use `0` for evaluation.

I think we should rewrite this whole section. We should state that if the query is a count and there is no data, it will evaluate to 0, potentially resolving immediately. Because of this, Datadog recommends using a formula like `(number of failures)/(number of all events)`, because if `(number of all events) = 0`, the division `x/0` cannot be evaluated and the monitor will keep the last known state.
